good day with you channel master secret
Let's collect this Christmas tree today
square sheet of paper bent
diagonals we add we fold
way necessarily well ironed
invest other parties
turn over but arch out
warehouses like this take halves and
We add up to the middle, so proceed with
after bending we fill with all edges
inward in this way
after all the bending we get here
such a billet we take scissors we cut off
make such a cut
cut off the bottom edge
and now it’s important to make cuts
just a cut
two notch
three notch similarly on the other hand 1
notch 2 notch and notch and start
to form
sprig of Christmas tree
take the edge and bend it, but here it was
any so consistently we fold all
faces after bending all the faces we have
this is a Christmas tree
but it 's not all you can make a star
on the Christmas tree years is taken here are two faces
the other faces are turned in the direction
and an incision is made here such an oblique incision
a little bit beyond the middle line
be careful to cut off the top of your head like this
and twist the cut out take for
edge
doctors and fishing rod
how did we get here
stick a foil or paper of another
colors that's Christmas tree we got kind of
thanks for watching don't forget
subscribe to the channel see other
videos, visit the channel and the master secret
also vkontakte group which is now
Fully dedicated to crafts on the new
year